**Artificial Intelligence Writing Guidance **

Artificial Intelligence (AI) can both hinder and enhance our capacity to learn. We must be mindful of when it impedes us and when it provides us with new understanding. This helps us navigate complex
interactions with AI technologies.
The following guidance is specific to your instructor and this course; check with your other professors
before using AI tools for assignments in their courses.
Course Policy: You may use AI tools to help prepare for assignments and projects (e.g., to help with
brainstorming, concept development, iterations of ideas, and suggestions for editing). AI-generated text
should not be used as the sole source of content for any assignment. When submitting an assignment for
a grade, you must indicate how AI tools informed your writing process and the final deliverable, including
how any AI-generated text was validated. You are responsible for the accuracy of the generated content.
AI-Free Writing: Certain assignments may be designated as AI-free writing to emphasize the
importance of human-generated content and to help you critically reflect on the role of AI in
your learning.
Many AI Writing Tools Are Available
Included below is a list of tools that could be used to assist you with your writing:
chatgpt
bard
Copilot
Grammerly
Jasper
Copy.ai
Ways You May Use AI Writing Tools
Included below are four specific ways you can use AI tools in this course and some example prompts.
Ask AI tools for help generating ideas.
AI-generated text may be used in written assignments as a starting point or to generate new ideas and
perspectives. However, you must further develop the material with your own critical thinking. AI can
help you move past writer’s block, clarify your thinking, and narrow down a topic. Practice asking
follow-up questions until you get better responses.
Example Prompt: My company is currently facing a problem with employee turnover.
Please tell me some of the possible causes for employee turnover.

Example Prompt: My company is currently facing a problem with employee turnover.
Please list ten ideas that could reduce employee turnover.
Personally, I have not found AI tools to be that helpful in “outline” writing or presentations, and I don’t
recommend using AI tools for outlining in this course.
Think of AI as a writing partner.
Imagine that AI is a tutor or writing center consultant, who would ask you questions and give you ideas
and feedback—not write for you. Use AI as part of an iterative thinking process.
Example Prompt: Imagine you are the recipient of the following text. What questions do
you have about it?
Example Prompt: I have copied an outline of my presentation remarks below. Imagine
you will be the listening audience for the presentation. What questions would you have?
Adapt writing to your audience.
Every assignment in this class has a defined audience. AI tools can’t build a relationship; only you can do
that. You’re more likely to inspire or persuade someone when you use your emotional intelligence to
understand what moves and motivates someone, and then tailor your writing to that person. However,
you might experiment with prompts like the ones below.
Example Prompt: My reader is a busy professional with 20 years experience in hospitality
finance. She is an expert in her field, but she is less aware of [insert topic]. She appreciates
suggestions that can reduce costs. She appreciates specific examples. Given what I’ve just told
you about my reader, please provide a list of suggestions for ways I could tailor the following
message to my audience.
Example Prompt: My listening audience is a group of actuaries at a large financial institution.
They work in risk management, internal audit, and data analytics. Based on the text below,
develop an example they will be able to relate to.
Learn from AI suggestions.
Do not ask AI to edit or revise your writing. Instead, ask for feedback and manually edit your text. This
will allow you to judge whether the suggestions are appropriate and to learn how to spot similar issues
in your own and other people’s writing.
Example Prompt: Provide a list of suggested changes I can make to improve the editing
and style of the following text. Please do not provide me with a revised version of my
text.Example Prompt: Provide a list of writing style suggested changes for the following text
related to word choice, vocabulary, clarity, conciseness, sentence variety, voice, parallel
structure, paragraph structure, tone, and any other writing style issues.
Example Prompt: Provide a list of editing changes for the following text related to
grammar, mechanics, spelling, punctuation, and syntax.
Consider picking one type of editing or writing style feedback you would like to receive feedback
about for more specific feedback.
Four Artificial Intelligence Writing Warmings
Included below are four potential downsides you should be aware of as you experiment with AI writing
tools.
AI writing is robotic.
AI tools often produce writing that sounds like a robot. You’re taking this class to find your own personal
writing and speaking style. If AI tools write for you, you’re missing the opportunity to convey your
personality. What differentiates you at work is your character—who you are as a person. No AI
technology can ever match your sense of humor or style.
Beware of misinformation.
AI tools can invent information that doesn’t exist, particularly sources like books and journal articles. If
you ask AI to provide evidence to support claims, check everything and add sources after 2021, which
ChatGPT can’t access. For your own credibility, do your own research. If you use AI generated content,
you are responsible for checking accuracy of the information it provides.
Plan ahead.
As of now, some AI tools are often overloaded, so you’ll need to plan ahead if you rely on it. Paid
subscriptions are available that make the tools available when demand is high.
Know Your Workplace Policy.
To protect proprietary information, your future employer may not allow AI assistance. Use this course to
learn business writing best practices so you can feel confident writing without AI.How to Source AI Generated Content
Text generated from AI should be sourced like you would “Personal Communication.” The common
conventions for sourcing information in business involve using footnotes rather than bibliography or
reference lists.
Example Format: Number.Originator of the communication, medium, Day Month, Year.
Example Footnote: 1 OpenAI's ChatGPT AI language model, response to question from author, 8 August,
2023.
**How to Acknowledge Use of AI Tools
**If you didn’t use AI tools, please include the following statement with your submission: No AI tools were
used to prepare this submission.
If you did use AI tools, you are required to include with your submission a statement that indicates how
you used any AI tools. The acknowledgement will reduce the chances that the work you submit is flagged
for an Academic Integrity violation.
Specific instructions about where to acknowledge the use of AI tools will be indicated in the assignment
instructions; however, when in doubt you may include relevant statements on a separate page at the end
of your submission and, if applicable, in the comment submission box on Canvas.
Included below are some example statements related to the use of ChatGPT.
“I used ChatGPT to brainstorm ideas and outline my report, helping me organize my thoughts
before starting the writing process. No direct text was copied from ChatGPT.”
“ChatGPT assisted me in generating alternative ways to present my thesis statement, allowing
me to refine and strengthen my argument. I did not directly copy any content from ChatGPT.”
“I used ChatGPT for ideas about what to include in my introduction. The resulting introduction
was written in my own words, without direct copying.”
“ChatGPT aided me in generating potential counterarguments to strengthen my argument. The
counterarguments were integrated and developed independently.”
“To enhance the flow of my report, I consulted ChatGPT for transitional phrases and sentence
structure suggestions. I integrated these suggestions while maintaining original content.”
“ChatGPT was used to generate possible headings and subheadings that would effectively
structure my content. The final headings were rephrased and customized to suit my report.”
“I used ChatGPT’s grammar and style recommendations to refine my sentences and improve
overall clarity. I made changes manually, ensuring originality.”You should personalize these statements based on your actual use of AI tools.
* * *
I expect my thinking on the use of generative AI tools in an educational setting will evolve as the tools
improve and as both students and instructors gain more experience testing the opportunities and
limitations of AI. I appreciate your input and experience as a student and user of the platforms to help
guide my thinking.
