Dev-Ops Side Feature Developmenet 
1. Container image creation for the NTR, OTA applications
2. Implementation of Helm Chart for NTR, SORAF, and OTA applicatoin across NTR8 and NTR9

JAVA Side development
1. Implementation of the Profile Expiry in SoR-AF.
2. Implementation of the Rule Framework in SoR-AF.
3. Implementation of the Static and Dynamic Rules in SoR-AF.
4. Profile Handling between SoR-AF and NTR Binary.
5. 5G Soraf Source Code Optimization and Removal of duplicate code

C++ Side Developement
1. Implementation of CoS Enhancement feature for CB and ORacle single handendly
2. Integration of 5GNSA and VoLTE featurs on NTR Binary.
3. Guiding, assiting and uplifiting 4 Team members


Major Site Issues and Improvement for existing products
1. Lcb_subdoc function call is not returning any error when document not exist.
2. Providing Instrumention binary for the CHMK Site.
3. TASK0082671 - NTR sending incorrect MSISDN value
4. Verizon NTR crash
5. NTR downgraded from VoLTE to LTE COS and triggered CLR
6. PMM detection in forbidden network
7. Garbage characters printed in roamerdata logs if msisdn is missing in the Diameter ULA message.
8. Empty Destination Realm in Diameter CLR Message
9. TMUS SRDC Count Validations
10. Removing OTA Docker Image vulnerablilities.
11. Binary Modifications Resulting from TSAN, ASAN
12. Remove the vunerabilities present in NTR binary container image
13. Hardening of C++
14. Building NTR on RHEL9


Award during this appraisal cycle 
1. Start Award 
2. Spot Award
3. Team Star Award
4. Combined worked for 13 Days on weekend and holiday to meet the delevery date
5. Coming to office regularly 


Training Done with team
1. Docker 
2. Kubernetes
3. Planning, Scheduling and executing the training for new joinee.
4. Guided team on How to provide the effort estiamtion 
5. Guided team on How to approach a bug or defect 
6. Shared approach to Enhancing Focus and Deep Work Practices with the team.

New Skill Developed in this cycle
1. Docker 
2. Kubernetes 
3. Git
4. Spark
5. Kafka 
6. AWS
7. Helm Charts

Strenths
1. Technical Proficiency: Skilled in DevOps tools (Docker, Kubernetes, Helm Charts), Git, Spark, Kafka, AWS, and C++ development.
2. Development and Integration: Implemented features across Java, C++, and DevOps.
3. Problem-Solving: Proactively resolved major site issues.
4. Leadership and Collaboration: Guided and assisted team members.
5. Training and Knowledge Sharing: Conducted training on Docker, Kubernetes, and other technologies.
6. 


