About the job
Be part of the team building Microsoft Defender, one of Microsoft’s most exciting security products. As cyber-attacks have become more sophisticated, Microsoft Defender for Endpoint helps enterprises and consumers protect, detect, investigate, and respond to advanced attacks and data breaches on their networks.  From detecting nation state actors to complex supply chain attacks, our team brings deep knowledge of the attacker landscape and tradecraft to create the innovations necessary to uncover even the most well-funded attacker. Tackling such a vast problem space requires engineers to define and drive the high-quality Endpoint Protection (prevention, detection, response, and remediation) across millions of enterprise devices.
Providing peace of mind for our customers with our security solutions is what excites us every day! Our team has people from a wide variety of backgrounds, previous work histories, and life experiences, and we are eager to maintain and grow that diversity. We are passionate about learning on the job, collaborating with other teams, and being customer obsessed.
Like us, if you are passionate about positively impacting over a billion users by providing peace of mind through easy to use cyber security products, come join us.

As an Engineer in our team, you will architect, design, implement and extend cross platform MDATP security features on Linux, macOS and Microsoft Windows. Mentor and drive technical excellence on the engineering team.

Additionally, as a self-driven technical leader, you will also be responsible for ensuring code quality, providing thought leadership in bringing innovation to our products and engineering practices.

Qualifications
5+ years of experience as a software engineer working on industrial strength software and a proven record of accomplishment of having shipped commercially successful software products & services.
Proficiency in data structures, algorithms, and analysis of algorithm complexity
Strong background in Android, iOS, macOS, Linux or Microsoft Windows programming.
Familiar with different micro-service architecture.
Strong network programming fundamentals, well versed with TCP/IP, VPN, HTTPS etc.
Experience in Linux, macOS, or Microsoft Windows programming in kernel or system level modules, Operating System Internals, memory management, IPC (Inter Process Communication), multi-threaded and multi-process application software development.
Demonstrated coding skills in C/C++ and STL on Linux, macOS or Microsoft Windows.
Demonstrated debugging, monitoring, diagnosing, and troubleshooting skills. Experience of using GDB, LLDB and/or WinDbg.
Experience in Secure coding, Security reviews and meeting Software Security requirements.
Working knowledge of reverse engineering (IDA) is optional.
Working knowledge of Shell, Python, and other scripting languages is optional.
Experience with software development tools such as source control systems (GIT), complete CI System (Azure DevOps) to support continuous development, integration, and testing.
Excellent communication skills and the ability to collaborate in a multi-disciplinary team consisting of Software Engineers, Program Managers, Security researchers, and Data Scientists.
Bachelors’ or Masters’ degree in Computer Science
