Minimum qualifications:
3 years of experience in coding with programming languages (C/C++).
Experience with network system architectures and key related software elements.
Experience in cloud computing, including one or more of the following (Public/Private Cloud, Compute/Storage/Networking, Software/Platform/Infrastructure-as-a-Service.).

Preferred qualifications:
Experience in 4G/LTE packet core (SGW/PGW, VoLTE, CUPS, 5G NSA, Diameter, MME, HSS, PCRF).
Experience in automating large scale data center deployments.
Experience in building tooling for IaaS/PaaS products.
Knowledge of 3GPP/LTE.
Ability to work with multiple teams across different time zones.

About The Job
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.
With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.
Google Cloud accelerates organizations’ ability to digitally transform their business with the best infrastructure, platform, industry solutions and expertise. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology – all on the cleanest cloud in the industry. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.

Responsibilities
Designing and implementing key components of the technology.
Improve and scale the reliability of the product, through technical and operational optimizations.
Design and implement software automation for deployment scaling.
