Minimum qualifications:
3 years of experience in coding with programming languages (C/C++).
Experience with network system architectures and key related software elements.
Experience in cloud computing, including one or more of the following (Public/Private Cloud, Compute/Storage/Networking, Software/Platform/Infrastructure-as-a-Service.).

Preferred qualifications:
Experience in 4G/LTE packet core (SGW/PGW, VoLTE, CUPS, 5G NSA, Diameter, MME, HSS, PCRF).
Experience in automating large scale data center deployments.
Experience in building tooling for IaaS/PaaS products.
Knowledge of 3GPP/LTE.
Ability to work with multiple teams across different time zones.

About The Job
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.
With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.
Google Cloud accelerates organizations’ ability to digitally transform their business with the best infrastructure, platform, industry solutions and expertise. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology – all on the cleanest cloud in the industry. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.

Responsibilities
Designing and implementing key components of the technology.
Improve and scale the reliability of the product, through technical and operational optimizations.
Design and implement software automation for deployment scaling.

About the job
Be part of the team building Microsoft Defender, one of Microsoft’s most exciting security products. As cyber-attacks have become more sophisticated, Microsoft Defender for Endpoint helps enterprises and consumers protect, detect, investigate, and respond to advanced attacks and data breaches on their networks.  From detecting nation state actors to complex supply chain attacks, our team brings deep knowledge of the attacker landscape and tradecraft to create the innovations necessary to uncover even the most well-funded attacker. Tackling such a vast problem space requires engineers to define and drive the high-quality Endpoint Protection (prevention, detection, response, and remediation) across millions of enterprise devices.
Providing peace of mind for our customers with our security solutions is what excites us every day! Our team has people from a wide variety of backgrounds, previous work histories, and life experiences, and we are eager to maintain and grow that diversity. We are passionate about learning on the job, collaborating with other teams, and being customer obsessed.
Like us, if you are passionate about positively impacting over a billion users by providing peace of mind through easy to use cyber security products, come join us.

As an Engineer in our team, you will architect, design, implement and extend cross platform MDATP security features on Linux, macOS and Microsoft Windows. Mentor and drive technical excellence on the engineering team.

Additionally, as a self-driven technical leader, you will also be responsible for ensuring code quality, providing thought leadership in bringing innovation to our products and engineering practices.

Qualifications
5+ years of experience as a software engineer working on industrial strength software and a proven record of accomplishment of having shipped commercially successful software products & services.
Proficiency in data structures, algorithms, and analysis of algorithm complexity
Strong background in Android, iOS, macOS, Linux or Microsoft Windows programming.
Familiar with different micro-service architecture.
Strong network programming fundamentals, well versed with TCP/IP, VPN, HTTPS etc.
Experience in Linux, macOS, or Microsoft Windows programming in kernel or system level modules, Operating System Internals, memory management, IPC (Inter Process Communication), multi-threaded and multi-process application software development.
Demonstrated coding skills in C/C++ and STL on Linux, macOS or Microsoft Windows.
Demonstrated debugging, monitoring, diagnosing, and troubleshooting skills. Experience of using GDB, LLDB and/or WinDbg.
Experience in Secure coding, Security reviews and meeting Software Security requirements.
Working knowledge of reverse engineering (IDA) is optional.
Working knowledge of Shell, Python, and other scripting languages is optional.
Experience with software development tools such as source control systems (GIT), complete CI System (Azure DevOps) to support continuous development, integration, and testing.
Excellent communication skills and the ability to collaborate in a multi-disciplinary team consisting of Software Engineers, Program Managers, Security researchers, and Data Scientists.
Bachelors’ or Masters’ degree in Computer Science

The Facebook Reality Labs (FRL) organisation at Facebook is helping more people around the world come together and connect through world-class Augmented and Virtual reality (AR/VR) products. With global departments dedicated to research and development in computer vision, machine learning, haptics, social interaction, and more, FRL is committed to driving the state of the art forward through relentless innovation. The potential to change the world is immense - and we’re just getting started.Our Mixed Reality (XR) organization in Zurich is focused on cutting edge research and development of machine perception technologies from early concepts to production level across all of Facebook’s AR/VR products and surfaces. These include Oculus products, Facebook Glasses and Family of Apps (Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp). We develop core capabilities across a range of product domains including Avatars, AR/VR remote presence/calling, AR Commerce, AR Sharing, Spatial , Calibration and more.In this role, you will be researching and applying a range of software, computer vision and machine learning techniques for solving challenges that bridge virtual and real worlds and will impact billions of people. We're addressing a variety of technical challenges in the areas of real-time image processing, 3D graphics, SLAM, scene reconstruction, machine perception, visualisation and human interaction. As well there are opportunities to collaborate with researchers in Facebook Reality Labs (FRL) and Facebook AI Research (FAIR).

Computer Vision Engineer Responsibilities:

Design and develop novel computer vision and/or machine learning algorithms in areas such as: real-time scene and object tracking, reconstruction and understanding as well as, segmentation, face tracking, body tracking, key point estimation, depth sensing, generative approaches such as GANs, 3D stereo and volumetric reconstruction, avatars, reconstructions and virtual try-ons.
Develop prototypes for future VR/AR/MR experiences, drive continued development, and integrate robust solutions into product.
Collaborate with cross-functional engineering and research teams from Facebook Reality Labs (FRL) and Facebook AI Research (FAIR)in computer vision, machine learning, and graphics.
Participate in cutting edge research in computer vision that can be applied to AR/VR product development.
Define projects for other engineers to possibly solve and achieve impact based on your direction

Minimum Qualifications:

BSc degree in Computer Science, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, or related technical field.
3+ years of experience developing and designing Computer Vision and/or Machine Learning technologies and systems.
3+ years of experience engineering in C++ and/or Python
Prototyping and engineering experience in at least ONE relevant specialization area in either Computer Vision or Machine Learning: SLAM State Estimation Sensor Fusion Generative models such as GANs Pose estimation: Body, Facial, Hand or Eye Tracking Dense 3D reconstruction Object detection, segmentation and tracking Scene understanding/ Semantic Segmentation Photorealistic rendering Factory, HW, Camera or Online Calibration

Preferred Qualifications:

MSc or PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Robotics or related technical field.
2+ years of industry experience working on projects such as: real-time SLAM and 3D reconstruction, sensor fusion and active depth sensing, object and body tracking and pose estimation, and/or image processing. Image and/or semantic segmentation, 2D and 3D key point estimation and surface reconstruction, depth estimation, generative methods such as GANs, or photorealistic rendering.
Developing and designing Computer Vision and/or Machine Learning technologies and systems for running on edge devices (mobile phones, and/or custom hardware)
Background in machine learning with experience in large scale training and evaluation of deep convolutional and/or recurrent neural networks and/or GANs.
Publication track record at conferences such as SIGGRAPH, CVPR, NIPS, ECCV, ICCV, ISMAR, ICML, etc.
Applications and resumes to be submitted in English.
