She sellsSeaShellsByTheSeashore
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream
How can a clam cram in a clean cream can
I saw Susie sitting in a shoeshine shop
Red lorry, yellow lorry
Unique New York
I wish to wish the wish you wish to wish
The seething sea ceaseth and thus the seething sea sufficeth us
A proper copper coffee pot
Rubber baby buggy bumpers
How much can a canner can, if a canner can can what a canner can?
I saw Susie knitting a sweater for Sissy
A proper copper coffee pot
Six sick hicks nick six slick bricks with picks and sticks
Lesser leather never weathered wetter weather better
Six slimy snails slid slowly seaward
How much pot, should a pot roast, roast, if a pot roast could roast pot?
I saw a saw that could out saw any other saw I ever saw
Can you imagine an imaginary menagerie manager imagining managing an imaginary menagerie?
How can you catch a unique bird? Unique up on it!
Two tired tots took two taxis to town
The thirty-three thieves thought that they thrilled the throne throughout Thursday
Red roses run round rosy rhododendron roots
Fresh-fried fish is fine for frying fish
She stood on the balcony, inexplicably mimicking him hiccoughing and amicably welcoming him home
If a dog chews shoes, whose shoes does he choose?
Six sticky scotch-sucking Scottie-pups
I thought a thought. But the thought I thought wasn’t the thought I thought I thought.
I see bees, be they bumblebees or honeybees
How much dew does a dewdrop drop, if dewdrops do drop dew?
A proper copper coffee pot
One-One was a racehorse. Two-Two was one too.
The seething sea ceaseth and thus the seething sea sufficeth us
Black background, brown background
Six sick hicks nick six slick bricks with picks and sticks
They think it’s Thistle, it’s not thistle.
How can a man mute a mute?
Red roses run round rosy rhododendron roots
If a dog chews shoes, whose shoes does he choose?
Picky people pick Peter Pan Peanut-Butter
A proper copper coffee pot
I wish I were what I was when I wished I were what I am.
How much dew does a dewdrop drop, if dewdrops do drop dew?
I see Susie sitting in a shoe shine shop
A proper copper coffee pot
The six sick shiksas slang slang slang
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream!
